to be posted in terms of things you need to know. And in particular, please go to it today. You will find a form there that you need to fill out to register for or sign up for, rather, a recitation. Recitations are on Friday. Right now, we have them scheduled at 9, 10, 11, 12, 1, and 2. We may drop one of the recitations, just depending on course size. So we reserve the right, unfortunately, to have to move you around. My guess is that 9 is not going to be a tremendously popular time, but maybe you'll surprise me. Nonetheless, please go in and sign up. We will let you sign up for whichever recitation makes sense for you. Again, we reserve the right to move people around if we have to just a balance load, but we want you to find something that fits your schedule rather than ours. OK, other things. There is no required text. If you feel exposed without a textbook, and you really have to have a textbook, you'll find one recommended. Actually, I'm going to reuse that word, John, at least suggested on the course website. I don't think either of us are thrilled with the text. It's the best we've probably found for Python. It's OK. If you need it, it's there. But we're going to basically not rely on any specific text. All right, related to that, attendance here is obviously not mandatory. You ain't in high school anymore. I think both of us would love to see your smiling faces, or at least your faces, even if you're not smiling at us every day. Point I want to make about this, though, is that we are going to cover a lot of material that is not in the assigned readings. And we do have assigned readings associated with each one of these lectures. If you choose not to show up today, or sorry, that's a bad way, you did choose to show up today. If you choose not to show up in future days, we'll understand. But please also understand that the TAs won't have a lot of patience with you if you're asking a question about something that was either covered in the readings, or covered in the lecture, and is pretty straightforward. We expect you to behave responsibly, and we will as well. All right, I think the last thing I want to say is we will not be handing out class notes. Now, this sounds like a draconian measure. Let me tell you why. Every study I know of, and I suspect everyone John knows, about learning stresses that students learn best when they take notes. Ironically, even if they never look at them, the process of writing is exercising both halves of your brain, and it's actually helping you learn. And so taking notes is a really valuable thing. Therefore, we're not going to distribute notes. What we will distribute for most lectures is