which is that value. The distinction I'm going to make is that's an expression. The interpreter is going to get a value for it. When we start building up code, we're going to use commands or statements, which are actually things that take any value and ask the computer to do something with it. So I can similarly do this, which is going to look strange, because it's going to give me the same value back out. But it actually did a slightly different thing. And notice, by the way, when I typed it, how print showed up in a different color, that's the Python saying that is a command, that is a specific command to get the value of the expression and print it back out. When we start writing code, you're going to see that difference. So for now, don't worry about it. I just want to plant that idea. OK, once we've got that, we can certainly, though, do things like this. Notice the quotes around it. And it treats it as a string. It's simply getting me back the value of that string, 52 times 7, rather than the value of it. Now, once we've got that, we can start doing things. And I'm going to use print here, if I could type, in order to just get into the can't type. Here we go. In order to get into the habit, I can print out a string. I can print out, ah, here's the first example of something that caught one of my things. This is a static semantic error. So what went on here? I gave it an expression that had an operator in there. It expected arithmetic types. But I gave it two strings. And so it's complaining at me, saying, you can't do this. I don't know how to take two strings and multiply them together. Unfortunately, I'll draw and you may disagree with me on this one. Unfortunately, in Python, you can, however, do things like this. What do you figure that's going to do? Book legal? The string's 3 times the number 3? Well, it happens to give me 3 3's in a row. I hate this. I'm sorry, John. I hate this. Because this is overloading that multiplication operator with two different tasks. It's saying, if you give me two numbers, I'll do the right thing. If you give me a number and a string, I'm going to concatenate them together. It's really different operations. But nonetheless, it's what it's going to do. There you go. There will be a rebuttal phase a little later on, just like with the political debates. And he likes it as a feature. I don't like it. You can tell he's not this programmer and I am. All right, I want to do just a couple of more quick examples. Here's another one. An example of a syntax error. Because 5 2 a doesn't make sense. And you might say, wait a minute,