of you? I know it's boring, but we need to do it so you know what the ground rules are. Good, OK, let's talk about computation. As I said, our strategic goal, our tactical goals are to help you think like a computer scientist. Another way of saying it is, we want to give you the skills so that you can make the computer do what you want it to do, and we hope that at the end of the class, every time you're confronted with some technical problem, one of your first instincts is going to be, how do I write a piece of code that's going to help me solve that? So we want to help you think like a computer scientist. And that is an interesting statement. What does it mean to think like a computer scientist? Well, let's see. Primary knowledge you're going to take away from this course is this notion of computational problem solving. This ability to think in computational modes of thought. And unlike in a lot of introductory courses, the consequence of having the ability to memorize is not going to help you. It's really learning those notions of the tools that you want to use. What in the world does it mean to say computational mode of thought? It sounds like a highfalutin phrase you use when you're trying to persuade a VC to fund you. So to answer this, we really have to ask a different question or related question. So what's computation? It's like a strange statement, right? What is computation? Part of the reason for putting it up is that I wanted it as much as possible to answer that question by separating out the mechanism, which is the computer, from computational thinking. The artifact should not be what's driving this. It should be the notion of what does it mean to do computation? Now to answer that, I'm going to back up one more level. And I'm going to oppose what sounds like a philosophy question, which is what is knowledge? And you'll see in about two minutes what I'm going to do this. But I want to suggest that I can divide knowledge into at least two categories. What is knowledge? In the two categories I'm going to divide them into are declarative and imperative knowledge. What in the world is declarative knowledge? Think of it as statements of fact. It's assertions of truth. Boy, in this political season, that's a really dangerous phrase to use, right? But it's a statement of fact. I'll stay away from the political comments. Let me give you an example of this. Here's a declarative statement. Square root of x is that y such that y squared equals x, y is positive. You all know that. But what I want you to see here is that's a statement of fact. It's a definition. It's an axiom. Doesn't help you find square roots. If I say x is 2, I want