first skill we want you to acquire is we want you to be able to use the basic tools of computational thinking to write small scale programs. We're going to keep coming back to that idea, but we're going to call it computational thinking. And that's so you can write small pieces of code. And small is not derogatory here, by the way. It just says the size of things you're going to be able to do. Second skill we want you to have at the end of this course is the ability to use a vocabulary of computational tools in order to be able to understand programs written by others. So you're going to be able to write. You're going to be able to read. This latter skill, by the way, is incredibly valuable. Because you don't want to do everything from scratch yourself. You want to be able to look at what is being created by somebody else and understand what is inside of there, whether it works correctly and how you can build on it. This is one of the few places where plagiarism is an OK thing. It's not bad to, if you like, learn from the skills of others in order to create something you want to write. Although we'll come back to plagiarism as a bad thing later on. Third thing we want you to do is to understand the fundamental both capabilities and limitations of computation and the costs associated with them. And that latter statement sounds funny. You don't think of computation having limits, but they do. There are some things that cannot be computed. We want you to understand where those limits are. So you're going to be able to understand abilities and limits. And then finally, the last practical skill that you're going to get out of this course is you're going to have the ability to map scientific problems into a computational framework. So you're going to be able to take a description of a problem and map it into something computational. Now if you think about it, boy, this sounds like grammar school. We're going to teach you to read. We're going to teach you to write. We're going to teach you to understand what you can and cannot do. And most importantly, we're going to try and give you the start of an ability to take a description of a problem from some other domain and figure out how to map it into that domain of computation so you can do the reading and writing that you want to do. OK, in a few minutes we're going to start talking then about what is computation. How are we going to start building those tools? But that's what you should take away. That's what you're going to gain out of this course by the time you're done. Now let me take a sidebar for about five minutes to talk about course administration, the administrative things that we're going