Separate six eggs, do something. Beat the whites until they're stiff. Do something until an end test is true. Take the yolks and mix them in with sugar and water. Sugar and flour, I guess, is what I want. Sugar and water is not going to do anything interesting for me here. Mix them into something else. Do a sequence of things. A traditional recipe actually is based on a small set of primitives, and a good chef with, or a good cook, I should say, with that set of primitives can create an unbounded number of great dishes. Same thing holds true in programming. Given a fixed set of primitives, a good programmer can program anything. And by that, I mean anything that can be described in one of these processes you can capture in that set of primitives. The question is, as I started to say, is what are the right primitives? So there's a little piece of history here, if you like. In 1936, that same guy, Alan Turing, showed that with six simple primitives, anything that could be described in a mechanical process, essentially algorithmically, could be programmed just using those six primitives. Think about that for a second. That's an incredible statement. It says, with six primitives, I can rule the world. With six primitives, I can program anything. There are a couple of really interesting consequences of that, by the way. One of them is, it says, anything you can do in one programming language, you can do in another programming language. There is no programming language that is better. Well, actually, it's not quite true. There are some better at doing certain kinds of things, but there's nothing that you can do and see that you can't do in Fortran. It's called Turing compatibility. Anything you can do with one, you can do with another. It's based on that fundamental result. Now, fortunately, we're not going to start with Turing's six primitives. This would be really painful programming. Because they're down at the level of take this value and write it onto this tape. First of all, we don't have tapes anymore in computers. And even if we did, you don't want to be programming at that level. What we're going to see with programming language is that we're going to use higher level abstracts, a broader set of primitives, but nonetheless, the same fundamental thing holds. With those six primitives, you can do it. OK. So where are we here? What we're saying is, in order to do computation, we want to describe recipes. We want to describe this sequence of steps built on some primitives. And we want to describe the flow of control that goes through those sequence of steps as we carry on. So the last thing we need, before we can start talking about real programming, is we need to describe those recipes. And to describe the recipes, we're going to want a language. We need to know