we going to start building those tools? But that's what you should take away. That's what you're going to gain out of this course by the time you're done. Now let me take a sidebar for about five minutes to talk about course administration, the administrative things that we're going to do in the course, just so you know what the rules are. Right, so class is two hours a lecture a week. You obviously know where and you know when, because you're here, Tuesdays and Thursdays at 11. One hour of recitation a week on Fridays, and we'll come back in a second to how you're going to get set up for that. And nine hours a week of outside the class work. Those nine hours are going to be primarily working on problem sets, and all the problem sets are going to involve programming in Python, which is the language we're going to be using this term. Now, one of the things you're going to see is the first problem sets are pretty easy. Actually, that's probably wrong, John, right? They're very easy. And we're going to ramp up. By the time we get to the end of the term, you're going to be dealing with some fairly complex things. So one of the things you're going to see is we're going to make heavy use of libraries, or code written by others. It'll allow you to tackle interesting problems of having to write from scratch, but it does mean that this skill here is going to be really valuable. You need to be able to read that code and understand it as well as write your own. OK, two quizzes during the term. The dates have already been scheduled. John, I forgot to look them up. I think it's October 2nd and November 4th. It'll be on the course website. My point is go check the course website, which by the way, is right there. If you know you have a conflict with one of those quiz dates now, please see John or I right away. We'll arrange something ahead of time. But the reason I'm saying that is you know that you're getting married that day, for example. We will excuse you from the quiz to get married. We'll expect you to come right back to do the quiz, by the way, but boy, tough crowd. All right, if you have a conflict, please let us know. Second thing is, if you have an MIT documented special need for taking quizzes, please see John or I well in advance at least two weeks before the quiz. Again, we'll arrange for this, but you need to give us enough warning so that we can deal with that. OK, the quizzes are open book. This course is not about memory. It's not how well you can memorize facts. In fact, I think both John and I are a little sensitive to memory tests given our age, right, John?