habit of giving your furniture personal names. What's the point? Again, you can have things that are syntactically legal but not semantically meaningful. And static semantics is going to be a way of helping us decide what expressions, what pieces of code actually have real meaning to it. The last piece of it is, in addition to having static semantics, we have sort of full semantics. What does the program mean? Or set a different way. What's going to happen when I run it? That's the meaning of the expression. That's what you want. You want to know what's the meaning of this piece of code. When I run it, what's going to happen? That's what I want to build. The reason for pulling this out is what you're going to see is that in most languages and certainly in Python, we get lots of health here. Python comes built in with something that will check your syntax for you. And in fact, as a sidebar, if you turn in a problem set that is not syntactically correct, there's a simple button that you push that will check your syntax. If you turn in a program that's not syntactically correct, the TAs give you a zero. Because it said you didn't even take the time to make sure the syntax is correct. The system will help you find it. In Python, it'll find it, I think, one bug at a time. John, it finds one syntax error at a time. So you have to be a little patient to do it. But you can check that the syntax is right. You're going to see that we get some help here on the static semantics. And I'm going to do an example in a second. Meaning that the system, some languages are better than others on it, but it will try and help you catch some things that are not semantically correct statically. In the case of Python, it does it, I think, all at runtime. I'm looking at you again, John. I think there's no pre-time checks. Sorry? There is some. Most of them, I think, though, are primarily caught at runtime. And that's a little bit of a pain, because you don't see it until you go and run the code. There are some I'm actually going to see an example, I think, in a second where you find it. But you do get some help there. The problem is things that you catch here are actually the least worrisome bugs. They're easy to spot. You can't run the program with them there, so you're not going to get weird answers. Not everything is going to get caught in static semantics checking. Some things are going to slide through. And that's actually a problem. It's a problem. Because it says your program will still give you a value, but it may not be what you intended. And you can't always tell. And that may propagate its way down through