circuit to do it. Let me suggest for you what would be a wonderful circuit to build. Suppose you could build a circuit with the following property, the input to this circuit would be any other circuit diagram. Give it a circuit diagram for some computation. You give it to this circuit, and that circuit would wonderfully reconfigure itself to act like the circuit diagram, which would mean it could act like a calculator, or it could act like Turing's bomb, or it could act like a square root machine. So what would that circuit look like? You can imagine these tiny little robots wandering around, pulling wires and pulling out components and stacking them together. How would you build a circuit that could take a circuit diagram in and make the machine act like that circuit? Sounds like a neat challenge. Let me change the game slightly. Suppose instead I want a machine that can take a recipe, a description of a sequence of steps. Take that as its input, and then that machine will now act like what is described in that recipe. Reconfigure itself, emulate it. However you want to use the words. It's going to change how it does the computation. That would be cool. And that exists. It's called an interpreter. It is the basic heart of every computer. What it is doing is saying, change the game. This is now an example of a stored program computer. And what that means in a stored program computer is that I can provide to the computer a sequence of instructions describing the process I want it to execute. And inside of the machine, and things we'll talk about, there is a process that will allow that sequence to be executed as described in that recipe. So it can behave like any thing that I can describe in one of those recipes. That actually seems like a really nice thing to have. So let me show you what that would basically look like. Inside of a stored program computer, we would have the following. We have a memory. It's connected to two things. Control unit, and what's called an ALU, an arithmetic logic unit. And this can take in input and spit out output. And inside this stored program computer, excuse me, you have the following. You have a sequence of instructions. And these all get stored in there. Notice the difference. The recipe, the sequence of instructions is actually getting read in and is treated just like data. It's inside the memory of the machine, which means we have access to it. We can change it. We can use it to build new pieces of code, as well as we can interpret it. One other piece that goes into this computer, I never remember where to put the PC, John. Control, ALU separate. I'll put it separate. We have a thing called a program counter. And here's the basis of the computation. That program counter points