I don't like it. You can tell he's not this programmer and I am. All right, I want to do just a couple of more quick examples. Here's another one. An example of a syntax error. Because 5 2 a doesn't make sense. And you might say, wait a minute, isn't that a string? And the answer is no. I didn't say it's a string by putting quotes around. And notice how the machine responds differently to it. In this case, it says this is a syntax error. And it's actually highlighting where it came from, so I could go back and fix it. Let's do a couple of other simple examples. I can do multiplication. I've already seen that. I can do addition 3 plus 5. I can take something to a power, double star. Just take 3 to the fifth power. I can do division, right? Whoa, right? 3 divided by 5 is 0. Maybe in Bush I can do it. I'm not going to do any political comments today. I will not say that, all right? What happened? Well, this is one of the places where you have to be careful. It's doing integer division. So 3 divided by 5 is 0 with a remainder of 3. So this is the correct answer. If I wanted to get full real division, I should make one of them afloat. And yes, you can look at them and say, well, is that right? Well, up to some level of accuracy. Yeah, that's 0.6, which is what I'd like to get out. I can do other things. In particular, I have similar operations on strings. I could certainly print out strings, but I can actually add strings together. And just as you saw, I can multiply strings. You can kind of guess what this is going to do. It is going to merge them together into one thing. I know I'm running you slightly over. I want to do one last example, which I also want to be able to do, have variables to store things. And to do that, this says if I have a value I want to keep it around, to do that, I can do things like this. What does that statement do? It says create a name for a variable, which I just did there. In fact, let me type it in. My string with an equal sign, which is saying assign or bind to that name the value of the following expression. As a consequence, I can now refer to that just by its name. If I get the value of my string, there it is. Or if I say take my string and add to it the string my last name, I print it back out. So this is the first start of this. What have we done? We've got values, numbers, and strings. We have operations associated with them. I just threw a couple up here. You're going to get a chance