an open quote and some sequence of characters, followed by a close quote. Associated with every data type in Python is a type, which identifies the kind of thing it is. Some of these are obvious. Strings are just a type on their own. But for numbers, for example, we can have a variety of types. So this is something that we would call an integer or an int, and this is something we would call a floating point or a float, or if you want to think of it as a real number. And there's some others that we can see. We're going to build up this taxonomy, if you like. But the reason it's relevant is associated with each one of those types is a set of operators that expect certain types of input in order to do their job. And given those types of input, we'll give back output. All right, in order to deal with this, let me show you an example. I'm going to hope that comes up. Great. What I have here is a Python shell. And I'm going to just show you some simple examples of how we start building expressions. And this will lead into what you're going to see next time, as well as what you're going to do tomorrow. So starting with this shell, I can type in expressions. Actually, let me back up and do this. I can type in a number. I get out the number. I can type in a string. I get back the string. Strings, by the way, can have spaces in them that can have other characters. It's simply a sequence of things. And notice, by the way, that the string digit 5, digit 2 is different than the number 52. The quotes are around them to make that distinction. We're going to see why in a second. What I'm doing, by the way, here is I'm simply typing in expressions to that interpreter. It's using its set of rules to deduce the value and print them back out. Things I might like to do in here is I might like to do combinations of things with these. So we have associated with simple things, set of operations. So for numbers, we have the things you'd expect, the arithmetic. And let me show you some examples of that. Actually, I'm going to do one other distinction here. What I've typed in, things like, well, let me start this way. There's an expression. And in Python, the expression is operand operator operand when we're doing simple expressions like this. And if I give it to the interpreter, it gives me back exactly what you'd expect, which is that value. The distinction I'm going to make is that's an expression. The interpreter is going to get a value for it. When we start building up code, we're going to use commands or statements, which are actually things that take any value and ask the computer to