is that y such that y squared equals x, y is positive. You all know that. But what I want you to see here is that's a statement of fact. It's a definition. It's an axiom. Doesn't help you find square roots. If I say x is 2, I want to know what's the square root of 2. Well, if you're enough of a geek, you'll say 1.41529 or whatever the heck it is. But in general, this doesn't help you find square root. The closest it does is it would let you test. If you're wandering through Harvard Square and you see an out-of-work Harvard grad, they're handing out examples of square roots, they'll give you an example, and you can test it to see, is the square root of 2.1.41529 or whatever? I don't even get laughs at Harvard jokes, John. I'm going to stop in a second here, right? All right, so what am I trying to say here? It doesn't. Yeah, exactly. We're staying away from that really quickly, especially with the cameras rolling. All right, what am I trying to say? It tells you how you might test something, but it doesn't tell you how to. And that's what imperative knowledge is. Imperative knowledge is a description of how to deduce something. So let me give you an example of a piece of imperative knowledge. This is actually a very old piece of imperative knowledge for computing square roots. It's attributed to Heron of Alexandria, although I believe that the Babylonians are suspected of knowing it beforehand. But here is a piece of imperative knowledge. I'm going to start with a guess. I'm going to call it g. And then I'm going to say, if g squared is close to x, stop and return g. It's a good enough answer. Otherwise, I'm going to get a new guess by taking g, x over g, adding them, dividing by 2. I'm going to take the average of g and x over g. Don't worry about how it came about. Heron found this out. But that gives me a new guess, and I'm going to repeat. That's a recipe. That's a description of a set of steps. And notice what it has. It has a bunch of nice things that we want to use. It's a sequence of specific instructions that I do in order. Along the way, I have some tests. And depending on the value of that test, I may change where I am in that sequence of instructions. And it has an end test, something that tells me when I'm done and what the answer is. This tells you how to find square roots. It's how to knowledge. It's imperative knowledge. That's what computation basically is about. We want to have ways of capturing this process. OK, that leads now to an interesting question, which would be, how do I build a mechanical process to capture that set of computations? So I'm going to