static semantics checking. Some things are going to slide through. And that's actually a problem. It's a problem. Because it says your program will still give you a value, but it may not be what you intended. And you can't always tell. And that may propagate its way down through a whole bunch of other computation before it causes some catastrophic favor. So actually, the problem with static semantics is you'd like it to catch everything. You don't always get it. Sadly, we don't get much help here, which is where we'd like it. But that's part of your job. What happens if you actually have something that's both syntactically correct and appears to have correct static semantics and you run it? Could run and give you the right answer? Could crash? Could loop forever? It could run and apparently give you the right answer. And you're not always going to be able to tell. Well, you'll know when it crashes. It doesn't help you very much. But you can't always tell whether something's stuck in an infinite loop or whether it's simply taking a long time to compute. You'd love to have a system that spots that for you, but it's not possible. And so to deal with this last one, you need to develop style, meaning we're going to try and help you with how to develop good programming style. But you need to write in a way in which it is going to be easy for you to spot the places that cause those semantic bugs to occur. All right, sounds like a really long preamble it is. Let's start with Python. But again, my goal here is to let you see what computations about why we need to do it. I'm going to remind you one last time. Our goal is to be able to have a set of primitives that we combine into complex expressions, which we can then abstract to treat as primitives. And we want to use that sequence of instructions in this flow of control computing in order to deduce new information, that imperative knowledge that we talked about right there. So I'm going to start today. We have about five or 10 minutes left, I think, in order to do this with some beginnings of Python. And we're going to really pick this up obviously next time. So simple parts of Python. In order to create any kinds of expressions, we're going to need values, primitive data elements. And in Python, we have two to start with. We have numbers, and we have strings. Numbers is what you'd expect. Here's a number. Here's another number. Strings are captured in Python with an open quote and some sequence of characters, followed by a close quote. Associated with every data type in Python is a type, which identifies the kind of thing it is. Some of these are obvious. Strings are just a type on their own. But for numbers, for example, we