us enough warning so that we can deal with that. OK, the quizzes are open book. This course is not about memory. It's not how well you can memorize facts. In fact, I think both John and I are a little sensitive to memory tests given our age, right, John? This is not about how you memorize things, it's about how you think. So they're open book, and it's really going to test your ability to think. The grades for the course will be assigned roughly, and I use the word roughly because we reserve the right to move these numbers around a little bit. But basically in the following percentages, 55% of your grade comes from the problem sets. The other 45 come from the quizzes. And I should have said there's two quizzes in a final exam. I forgot about a final exam during final period. So the quiz percentages are 10, 15, and 20%, which makes up the other 45. OK, other administration, let me just look through my list here. First problem set, problem set zero has already been posted. This is a really easy, well, we intend it to be a really easy problem set. It's basically to get you to load up Python on your machine and make sure you understand how to interact with it. The first problem set will be posted shortly. It's also pretty boring, somewhat like my lectures, but not John's. And that means we want you just to get going on things. Don't worry. We're going to make them more interesting as you go along. Nonetheless, I want to stress that none of these problem sets are intended to be lethal. We're not using them to weed you out. We're using them to help you learn. So if you run into a problem set that just you don't get, seek help. It could be psychiatric help. It could be a TA. I recommend the TA. My point being, please come and talk to somebody. The problems are set up so that if you start down the right path, it should be pretty straightforward to work it through. If you start down a plausible but incorrect path, you can sometimes find yourself stuck in the weed somewhere. And we want to bring you back in. So part of the goal here is this should not be an grueling, exhausting kind of test. It's really something that should be helping you learn the material. If you need help, ask John myself for the TAs. That's what we're here for. OK, we're going to run primarily a paperless subject. That's why the website is there. Please check it. That's where everything's going to be posted in terms of things you need to know. And in particular, please go to it today. You will find a form there that you need to fill out to register for or sign up for, rather, a recitation. Recitations are on Friday. Right now, we have them