notes. Ironically, even if they never look at them, the process of writing is exercising both halves of your brain, and it's actually helping you learn. And so taking notes is a really valuable thing. Therefore, we're not going to distribute notes. What we will distribute for most lectures is a handout that's mostly code examples that we're going to do. I don't happen to have one today, because we're not going to do a lot of code. We will in future. Those notes are going to make no sense, I'm guessing, outside of the lecture. So it's not just you can swing by at 11.04 and grab a copy and go off and catch some more sleep. What we recommend is you use those notes to take your own annotations to help you understand what's going on. But we're not going to provide class notes. We want you to take your own notes to help you, if you like, spur your own learning process. All right, and then finally, I want to stress that John, myself, all of the staff, our job is to help you learn. That's what we're here for. That's what we get excited about. If you're stuck, if you're struggling, if you're not certain about something, please ask. We're not mind readers. We can't tell when you're struggling, other than sort of seeing the expression on your face. We need your help in identifying that. But all of the TAs, many of whom are sitting down in the front row over here, are here to help, so come and ask. At the same time, remember that they're students, too. And if you come and ask a question that you could have easily answered by doing the reading, coming to lecture, or using Google, they're going to have less patience. But helping you understand things that really are a conceptual difficulties, what we're there, what they're here for, and what we're here for. So please come and talk to us. OK, that takes care of the administration of your preamble. John, things we add. Sit in the back three rows. Ah, thank you, I forgot. If there's a camera made hand, I think you're all very good looking and give MIT a good image. So please feel free to be filled. I'll turn around, so if you want to move to the back, I won't see who moves. All right, great, thank you, John. The other thing I will do is, recitations are also very important. We will recitations that are not in the lectures, not in the reading, and we do expect you to attend the recitation. Great, thanks, John. Any questions about the administration of you? I know it's boring, but we need to do it so you know what the ground rules are. Good, OK, let's talk about computation. As I said, our strategic goal, our tactical goals are to help you think like a computer scientist. Another way of saying it is,