It's how to knowledge. It's imperative knowledge. That's what computation basically is about. We want to have ways of capturing this process. OK, that leads now to an interesting question, which would be, how do I build a mechanical process to capture that set of computations? So I'm going to suggest that there's an easy way to do it. I realized I did the boards in the wrong order here. One of the ways I could do it is you could imagine building a little circuit to do this. If I had a couple of elements that stored values in it, I had some wires to move things around. I had a little thing to do addition, a little thing to do division, and something to do the testing. I could build a little circuit that would actually do this computation. That, strange as it sounds, is actually an example of the earliest computers. Because the earliest computers were what we call fixed program computers. Meaning that they had a piece of circuitry designed to do a specific computation. And that's what they would do. They would do that specific computation. You've seen these a lot, right? A good example of this calculator. It's basically an example of a fixed program computer. Those are arithmetic. If you want to play video games on it, good luck. If you want to do word processing on it, good luck. It's designed to do a specific thing. It's a fixed program computer. In fact, a lot of the other really interesting early ones similarly have this flavor. Just to give you an example, I never know how to pronounce this, Antonassoff, 1941. One of the earliest computational things was a thing designed by a guy named Antonassoff. It basically solved linear equations. Handy thing to do if you're doing 1801, or 1806 or whatever you want to do those things in. All it could do, though, was solve those equations. One of my favorite examples of an early computer was done by Alan Turing, one of the great computer scientists of all time called the boom, which was designed to break codes. It's actually used during World War II to break German enigma codes. And what it was designed to do was to solve that specific problem. The point I'm trying to make is fixed program computers is where we started, but it doesn't really get us to where we'd like to be. We want to capture this idea of problem solving. So let's see how we'd get there. So even within this framework, I've given a description of computations as a set of steps, and the idea that I could build a circuit to do it. Let me suggest for you what would be a wonderful circuit to build. Suppose you could build a circuit with the following property, the input to this circuit would be any other circuit diagram. Give it a circuit diagram for some computation. You give it to