as well as we can interpret it. One other piece that goes into this computer, I never remember where to put the PC, John. Control, ALU separate. I'll put it separate. We have a thing called a program counter. And here's the basis of the computation. That program counter points to some location in memory, typically to the first instruction in the sequence. And those instructions, by the way, are very simple. They're things like take the value out of two places in memory, and run them through the multiplier in here, a little piece of circuitry, and stick them back into some place in memory. Or take this value out of memory, run it through some other simple operation, stick it back in memory. Having executed this instruction, that counter goes up by one, and we move to the next one. We execute that instruction. We move to the next one. Oh, yeah, it looks a whole lot like that. Some of those instructions will involve tests. They'll say, is something true? And if the test is true, it will change the value of this program counter to point to some other place in the memory, some other point in that sequence of instructions, and you'll keep processing. Eventually, you hopefully stop, and a value gets spit out, and you're done. That's the heart of a computer. Now, that's a slight misstatement. The process to control it is intriguing and interesting, but the heart of the computer is simply this notion that we build our descriptions, our recipes on a sequence of primitive instructions, and then we have a flow of control. And that flow of control is what I just described, is moving through a sequence of instructions occasionally changing where we are as we move around. OK, the thing I want you to take away from this, then, is to think of this as this is, if you like, a recipe, and that's really what a program is. It's a sequence of instructions. Now, one of the things I left hanging is I said, OK, you build it out of primitives. So one of the questions is, well, what are the right primitives to use? And one of the things that was useful here is that we actually know that the set of primitives that you want to use is very straightforward. But before I do that, let me drive home this idea of why this is a recipe. Assuming I have a set of primitive instructions that I can describe everything on, I want to know what can I build. Well, I'm going to do the same analogy to a real recipe. It's a real recipe. Separate six eggs, do something. Beat the whites until they're stiff. Do something until an end test is true. Take the yolks and mix them in with sugar and water. Sugar and flour, I guess, is what I want. Sugar and water is not going to do anything interesting for