opinion. So for those of you not in that category, the second thing we want to do is we want to help students who don't plan to major in course six to feel justifiably confident in their ability to write and read small pieces of code. For all students, what we want to do is we want to give you an understanding of the role computation can and cannot play in tackling technical problems so that you will come away with a sense of what you can do, what you can't do, and what kinds of things you should use to tackle complex problems. And finally, we want to position all students so that you can easily, if you like, compete for things like UROPS and summer jobs. Because you'll have an appropriate level of confidence and confidence in your ability to do computational problem solving. Those are the strategic goals. Now, this course is primarily aimed at students who have little or no prior programming experience. As a consequence, we believe that no student here is under qualified for this course. You're all MIT students. You're all qualified to be here. But we also hope that there aren't any students here who are over qualified for this course. What do I mean by that? If you've done a lot of prior programming, this is probably not the best course for you. And if you're in that category, I would please encourage you to talk to John or I after class about what your goals are, what kind of experience you have, and how we might find you a course that better meets your goals. Second reason, we don't want over qualified students in the class. It sounds a little nasty. But the second reason is an over qualified student, somebody who's, I don't know, programmed for Google for the last five years, is going to have an easy time in this course, but we don't want such a student accidentally intimidating the rest of you. We don't want you to feel inadequate when you're simply inexperienced. And so it really is a course aimed at students with little or no prior programming experience. And again, if you're not in that category, talk to John or I after class, and we'll help you figure out where you might want to go. Those are the top level goals of the course. Let's talk sort of at a more tactical level about what do we want you to know in this course. What do we want you to be able to do by the time you leave this course? So here are the skills that we would like you to acquire. The first skill we want you to acquire is we want you to be able to use the basic tools of computational thinking to write small scale programs. We're going to keep coming back to that idea, but we're going to call it computational thinking. And that's so you can write