in Python. It's about using it to think. And what you should take away from this course is having learned how to design recipes, how to structure recipes, how to do things in modes in Python, those same tools easily transferred to any other language. You can pick up another language in a week, a couple of weeks at most, once you know how to do Python. OK, in order to talk about Python and languages, I want to do one last thing to set the stage for what we're going to do here. And that's to talk about the different dimensions of a language. And there are three I want to deal with. The first one is whether this is a high-level or low-level language. That basically says how close are you to the guts of the machine? A low-level language, you used to call this assembly programming, you're down at the level of your primitives are literally moving pieces of data from one location in memory to another through a very simple operation. A high-level language, the designer has created a much richer set of primitive things. In a high-level language, square root might simply be a primitive that you can use, rather than you having to go over and code it. And there are trade-offs between both. Second dimension is whether this is a general versus a targeted language. By that I mean, do the set of primitives support a broad range of applications, or is it really aimed at a very specific set of applications? I'd argue that MATLAB is basically a targeted language. It's targeted at matrices and vectors and things like that. And the third one I want to point out is whether this is an interpreted versus a compiled language. What that basically says is the following. In an interpreted language, you take what's called the source code, the thing you write. It may go through a simple checker, but it basically goes to the interpreter, that thing inside the machine that's going to control the flow going through each one of the instructions and give you an output. So the interpreter is simply operating directly on your code at runtime. In a compiled language, you have an intermediate step in which you take the source code, it runs through what's called a checker or a compiler or both, and it creates what's called object code. And that does two things. One, it helps catch bugs in your code. And secondly, it often converts it into a more efficient sequence of instructions before you actually go off and run it. And there's trade-offs between both. I mean, an interpreted language is often easier to debug because you can still see your raw code there, but it's not always as fast. Compiled language is usually much faster in terms of its execution. And it's one of the things that you may want to trade off. In the case of Python, it's a high-level language.