flow of control that goes through those sequence of steps as we carry on. So the last thing we need, before we can start talking about real programming, is we need to describe those recipes. And to describe the recipes, we're going to want a language. We need to know not only what are the primitives, but how do we make things meaningful in that language? Language. There we go. All right. Now, turns out there are, I don't know, John, hundreds, thousands of programming languages, at least hundreds of programming languages around. True. Thank you. They all have their pluses and minuses. I have to admit, in my career here, I think I've taught in at least three languages. I suspect you've taught more, five or six, John. Both of us are probably programmed in more than those number of languages, at least programmed in that many, since we taught in those languages. One of the things you want to realize is there is no best language. At least I would argue that I think John would agree. We might both agree we have our own nominees for worst language. There are some of those. There is no best language. They all are describing different things. Having said that, some of them are better suited for some things than others. Anybody here heard of MATLAB? Maybe programmed in MATLAB? It's great for doing things with vectors and matrices and things that are easily captured in that framework. But there's some things that are a real pain to do in MATLAB. So MATLAB's great for that kind of thing. C is a great language for programming things that control data networks, for example. I happen to be, and John teases me about this regularly, I'm an old-time list programmer. That's how I was trained. And I happen to like Lisp and Scheme. It's a great language when you're trying to deal with problems where you have arbitrarily structured data sets, which is particularly good at that. So the point I want to make here is that there's no particularly best language. What we're going to do is simply use a language that helps us understand. So in this course, the language we're going to use is Python, which is a pretty new language. It's growing in popularity. It has a lot of the elements of some other languages because it's more recent. It inherits things from its pregenitors, if you like. But one of the things I want to stress is this course is not about Python. Strange statement. You do need to know how to use it, but it's not about the details of where do the semicolons go in Python. It's about using it to think. And what you should take away from this course is having learned how to design recipes, how to structure recipes, how to do things in modes in Python, those same tools easily transferred to any other language. You can pick up another