to debug because you can still see your raw code there, but it's not always as fast. Compiled language is usually much faster in terms of its execution. And it's one of the things that you may want to trade off. In the case of Python, it's a high-level language. I would argue, I think John would agree with me, it's basically a general-purpose language. It happens to be better suited for manipulating strings than numbers, for example. But it's really a general-purpose language. And it's primarily, I shouldn't say primarily, it is an interpreted language. As a consequence, it's not as good at helping debug, but it does let you, sorry, it's the wrong way of saying it, it's not as good at catching some things before you run them. It is easier sometimes in debugging as you go along on the fly. OK, so what does Python look like? In order to talk about Python, I'm going to do it. We need to talk about how to write things in Python. And again, let me back up slightly and set the stage. Our goal is to build recipes. They're all going to be great chefs by the time you're done here. Our goal is to take problems and break them down into these computational steps, these sequence of instructions that allow us to capture that process. To do that, we need to describe not only what are the primitives, but how do we capture things legally in that language and interact with the computer? And so for that, we need a language. We're about to start talking about the elements of the language, but to do that, we also need to separate out one last piece of distinction. Just like with a natural language, we're going to separate out syntax versus semantics. So what's syntax? Syntax basically says, what are the legal expressions in this language? My handwriting is atrocious, isn't it? There's an English sequence of words. It's not syntactically correct, right? It's not a sentence. There's no verb in there anywhere. It's just a sequence of nouns. Same thing in our languages. We have to describe how do you put together legally formed expressions. And as we add constructs to the language, we're going to talk about that. Second thing we want to talk about very briefly as we go along is the semantics of the language. And here we're going to break out two pieces, static semantics and full semantics. Static semantics basically says which programs are meaningful, which expressions make sense. Here's an English sentence. It's syntactically correct, right? Noun phrase, verb, noun phrase. I'm not certain it's meaningful unless you are in the habit of giving your furniture personal names. What's the point? Again, you can have things that are syntactically legal but not semantically meaningful. And static semantics is going to be a way of helping us decide what expressions, what pieces of code actually have real meaning to it. The last